this is going well
[Music]
oh was cutting it close he sure Wow
Oh cavalier so fun oh oh oh no oh oh not
sure if you can crash into those cuz are
you really steering like a look is that
those arrows are playing yeah hey you
guys having fun too this is I got a
second this is kind of impressive like
for the tiny this came out a game for
like 93 94 I think you'd have to imagine
that this level probably took like every
Astra had to be individually controlled
other targeting reticles where they go
behind probably a few had turned off
yeah because none of this is 3d though
that's the thing
[Applause]
what are those I don't know mine's
probably yes